Explicitly allow implementations to support additional option values (#924)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/registry.md

> This section describes the functions for which each implementation MUST provide
> a _function handler_ to be conformant with this specification.
> 
> Implementations MAY implement additional _functions_,
> additional _options_, and additional _option_ values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section defines the _functions_ which are REQUIRED for conformance with this specification,
along with **optional** _functions_ that SHOULD be implemented to support
additional functionality.

Each **standard** _function_ MUST be defined and 
MUST accept all standard _options_ and _option_ values listed in this specification.

When provided by an implementation, each **optional** _function_ 
MUST accept all standard _options_ and _option_ values listed in this specification.

Implementations SHOULD implement _options_ and _option_ values that are marked as **optional**.

Implementations MAY implement _functions_ not defined in this specification.
Such functions SHOULD use an implementation-defined _namespace_.
In addition, implementations are encouraged to provide mechanisms for users to
register and use user-defined _functions_ and their associated _functional handlers_.

Implementations MAY implement additional _options_ not defined here.  
Such _options_ SHOULD use an implementation-specific _namespace_ .

Implementations MAY implement additional _option_ values for _options_ defined here,
although care needs to be exercised to ensure interoperability
and to avoid collisions with future standardization.
There is no namespace mechanism for _option_ values.
```

Reviewer 2: > Such functions SHOULD use an implementation-defined _namespace_.
...
> Such _options_ SHOULD use an implementation-specific _namespace_ .

Shouldn't that be a MUST, to avoid collisions with later additional standard functions / options?

> although care needs to be exercised to ensure interoperability

Even though we don't have namespaces for option values, I suggest we consider recommending that when an additional option values is added to a standard or optional option, that it start with "_" to avoid collision with future standard or optional options. 

That is not as powerful as namespaces, since it doesn't help to prevent collisions with other implementations, but at least is future-proofing against _Unicode's_ future option values.

Reviewer: Probably should be MUST.

Our stability policy (soon to be effective) says:

> Updates to this specification will only reserve, define, or require function names or function option names consisting of characters in the ranges a-z, A-Z, and 0-9. All other names in these categories are reserved for the use of implementations or users.

So we can recommend something like what you mention or just call out the stability guarantee explicitly here. I'll make an edit to that effect.
